>>SARAH BRESKMAN: A client
could come in and literally
heal themselves with
just one session.
And she went back to her
team of specialists and they
said that there was no--
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
There was no trace.
>>BRESKMAN: Yeah, there
was no trace of it
and they couldn't understand
how that was possible.
It was a medical miracle.
So I regressed her to
go back to the time
when she was in a
mental hospital.
In our first regression, her
higher self, her subconscious,
said that she needed to find
out all this information,
just share it with
the world, because it
was so important for us to
find out this information.
We need it desperately.
When they escaped they,
were cold and hungry
and they hadn't had that type
of experience on their planet
before.
>>REGINA: She understood that
the crash itself, all of this
was intended.
I've often said that it will
be our collective memory that
will piece together the story
of Atlantis and Lemuria.
Toward that end, Sarah
Breskman inadvertently
dove into the
subconscious memory
of a client seeking
hypnotherapy right to the bottom
of Atlantis.
What they both learned as
chronicled in her book,
"A Hypnotist's
Journey to Atlantis",
and it's a wonderful
adventure story.
And it also is
wonderful, because it
starts touching on things
other people have recalled.
It's not just this one person.
But this one person was
such a wonderful client
to work with because
of the clarity
of what they could access
that you really focused on it.
So welcome, Sarah.
>>BRESKMAN: Thank you
so much for having me.
>>REGINA: This is wonderful.
First of all, we want to
talk about your background
just a little bit, because
you were in Dolores Cannon's
School of Hypnotherapy, which is
very specific in its protocols
and especially about
accessing deeper regression
work and past life memory.
And I personally had one.
I had a regression done,
a past life regression,
done by Dolores myself.
So I understand a
little bit about what
you chose to educate
yourself along the line of
and I really appreciate it.
So let's talk
about why hypnotism
and why Dolores Cannon's
protocols and body of work?
>>BRESKMAN: Well,
I started out just
as a person a regular person
with just a lot of problems.
And that led me to
traditional therapy.
And in therapy, I thought
it was very helpful,
but I just didn't feel healed.
And I thought it was nice, but
that led me to go to college.
And I was going to
become a psychologist.
So I chose psychology.
And after I graduated,
I got an internship
where my job was
basically to counsel
and take care of
mentally ill patients.
And as I was working
there, it didn't
take me long to feel as if
everything I learned, for me,
was a lie.
Because I really wanted
to help these people.
That's always been my
goal is to help others.
And I didn't feel as if
anybody ever got better.
In fact, there
were many suicides
and many people that
just suffered greatly
from taking all the medications.
And these were amazing people.
Some of the people were actually
speaking with aliens or angels
and they were just
so heavily medicated.
So I wanted to figure out
some way to help people.
And I became a hypnotist.
And I first started
out with lose weight,
quit smoking in past life--
>>REGINA: The usual.
>>BRESKMAN: Yeah, in past
life regression hypnotherapy.
But it didn't take
me long to realize
that there was something
about the past life regression
sessions.
A client could come in and
literally heal themselves
with just one session.
And so I delved into that more
and I studied with Dr. Brian
Weiss in New York.
And I loved his method.
I did that for quite a while
and then I found Dolores Cannon.
And once I found her work,
I was immediately hooked.
Something in me
clicked when I started
studying with that method
and I worked my way up
to become a level three
QHHT practitioner,
which is a master in that field.
And before the quarantine,
I was traveling
all over the world with
Dolores's daughter Julia
and I was assisting
in the classes.
And that is how I got here.
>>REGINA: I love it.
And someone told
me about your book.
Someone in my own
little community,
ourneighborhood.earth,
he came in and said, oh--
because we all have open
dialogue with each other--
and he said, I read
this book by this woman.
It's really
interesting, because it
has to do with a
memory of Atlantis.
And this person knew I have
an interest in Atlantis.
I also had a little hypnotherapy
clinic years ago and, like you,
started out with
smoking, weight loss.
Didn't really
enjoy that as much,
but I loved the regression work
and past life regression work.
And like you.
I'm just saying to validate
you and from my perspective,
I found that's where all the
really good where it came from
was going in and looking at
these underlying patterns that
were hidden from view.
So I respect very
much what you do.
>>BRESKMAN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: So what's
wonderful about you too
is that you weren't oriented
toward the metaphysical
in the sense of studying
esoteric, ancient,
and alternative history.
You didn't really know
anything about Atlantis.
That wasn't your bailiwick.
And so when all these
stories started emerging,
they were fresh and new to you.
And you thought, what is this?
And it's that
innocence about you
that really makes, for me,
this story most interesting.
And when you combine that
with the innocence and lack
of that previous knowledge
of your client Jen,
here you have two
people that have never--
don't know anything
about this history,
haven't even been
curious about it,
bringing through all this
interesting information.
So I just want to
preface it with that.
Now let's talk about
Jen for a moment--
because that's
interesting in itself--
before we dive into the story.
>>BRESKMAN: So it
was fascinating,
because Jen had no
knowledge of Dolores Cannon
or any knowledge of
Atlantis or Lemuria.
So I thought that that would
make her an excellent candidate
for this, because it
brings a lot of validity
to this information.
But I was put on the
spot, because I really
needed a subject to
regress for my level
three class that was all of a
sudden going to be in Orlando.
So I had to find
somebody I could
regress and videotape to bring
this submission to this class.
And I don't know
why I chose Jen,
because she was a
teacher at the school
and I knew she wasn't
into any of this stuff.
And I just asked her.
It was as if a thought
just popped into my mind
and I just went
with that thought.
But little did I know
we were completely
set up by the universe
to do this work together.
And it was so
amazing, because I was
nervous of what she was going
to say when I told her--
when I asked her if she would
do this session with me,
because it had a lot to do with
past lives, and going inwards,
and finding out who you
are, and things like that.
And I told her, you
can even heal your body
if you have any issues.
But I was so
surprised, because she
said she had been looking
for something like this,
because she hadn't told anyone,
but she had a brain condition.
And she was very
secretive about it.
It was this brain condition
called pseudotumor cerebri.
And basically, it mimicked
a tumor and the spinal fluid
was wreaking havoc on her brain.
And it was causing things like
severe headaches and lethargy.
And there was even a
high risk of stroke.
And so she was
working very closely
with a team of specialists
at the University of Miami.
And they told her
there's no cure for this,
but we can put you on
this heavy-duty string
of pharmaceuticals.
Basically, that was all
they could do for her.
So she was very eager to
do this session with me.
>>REGINA: Once you said this can
work with physical conditions.
>>BRESKMAN: And after
the first session,
she was completely healed.
In fact, right after
she left my office,
she didn't take any
more medication.
And she went back to her
team of specialists and they
said that there was no--
they couldn't understand--
>>REGINA: There was no trace.
>>BRESKMAN: --how that was--
yeah, there was no trace of it.
And they couldn't understand
how that was possible.
It was a medical miracle.
>>REGINA: Well, or not.
Right?
>>BRESKMAN: I know.
>>REGINA: OK, so now let's go
into when you and Jen first
began doing your
sessions and she
went into a past life that
was in recent history,
very recent history.
How old is she now?
She's in her 30s?
>>BRESKMAN: She's 35.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, so this was
in recent history
where she was trying to
understand some things
and talking about
things that were not
accepted to talk about, right?
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: Go ahead and
share the rest of that story
and where it landed her.
>>BRESKMAN: So in
her regression,
in her first regression,
she went to this past life
where she was
living in the '70s.
And she was learning
about different things
through hypnosis,
actually, where
she was uncovering this lifetime
that she lived in Lemuria
and she was a
prisoner in Atlantis.
So she was she
grew up in Lemuria
and then became a prisoner
for 60 years in Atlantis.
And in that past
lifetime in the '70s,
she started to share
this information.
She was called crazy,
lobotomized, and eventually
jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge.
>>REGINA: Now she
did not consciously
remember any of that
in this lifetime.
That was all blocked.
Obviously, it did not
take her somewhere
she'd want to go again.
So she blocked it from herself.
Now you later went back in
thinking, who were you, Jen?
Can you see where this
happened, where you were?
And you did a little
more detailed work.
And tell us what you found.
>>BRESKMAN: So I regressed
her to go back to the time
when she was in
the mental hospital
and retrace her steps as she's
leaving the mental hospital.
And I had her turn
around and look
for a sign on the
mental hospital.
And at first, she said it was
very blurry, but she focused in
and she saw the sign Bellevue.
And then she retraced her
steps to the Brooklyn Bridge.
And she noticed she was
running in bare feet
and it was in walkable distance.
So later, we googled
it to try to see--
>>REGINA: Because she
didn't know about Bellevue.
It's been closed a long time.
A horrid history, but yeah.
>>BRESKMAN: Yeah.
We found out there was a mental
hospital called Bellevue.
It was in walking distance
to the Brooklyn Bridge.
And also, one more
thing, we found out
that it closed in the '80s.
I believe it has a
different name now.
But all of this just brought
so much more validity
to the whole story.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and we
were talking off camera.
Maybe it'd be great if you
could get into public archives
and find out if
anyone jumped off
the bridge to their death
that has escaped from there.
But anyway, the point is
you have that now, which
is fascinating, because
you guys are both young
and you don't necessarily
know the history of Bellevue.
And she certainly doesn't.
She's even younger.
So again, this kind of memory
validating what's to come.
>>BRESKMAN: We found out it
was 1978, five years before she
was born in this life.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that is not uncommon
from my understanding
when someone dies a death that's
tragic, untimely, suicide,
oftentimes, they'll come
back into an incarnation.
Or a young person who's
lost their life and more
will often come back pretty
quickly into a new incarnation.
They don't wait out the normal
time you do when you're 95
and die and you
need a little rest.
It's not the same.
So she came back again then in--
what was her birthday? '80?
>>BRESKMAN: I don't
know her birthday.
>>REGINA: She was
left in '78 you said?
OK and you said she came back
roughly five years later.
OK, good, so around early '80s.
So now you start getting
into the deep work
of the Lemurian/Atlantean part.
And your story is going to
come in too, because you
were regressed back into a
very pertinent life in Atlantis
to what she was witnessing.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
start with Lemuria,
because it's kind of crazy
considering who she was.
>>BRESKMAN: It was so
fascinating for the both of us,
because we didn't know that
much about Lemuria or Atlantis.
So all of a sudden,
she was regressed
to find out that she was
a princess in Lemuria.
And it was actually called
Aman by the people there.
But she grew up as a princess.
Her mother was the
queen, the ruler.
And she was destined to
become queen after her mother.
And then visitors
started showing up.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that gets
into the Atlantean part.
You know what I want to do?
I'm going to ask you
if we can do this.
The part prior to that when
she first came to Earth,
she was not from here.
That I found really fascinating.
It was just--
>>BRESKMAN: So
fascinating, Because
in our first regression, her
higher self, her subconscious,
said that she needed to find
out all this information,
just share it with
the world, because it
was so important for us
as a human collective
to find out this information.
We need it desperately.
So I wanted to start
from the beginning
when we decided
to work together.
So I told her subconscious,
let's start from the beginning,
from the beginning of the story
that you want to start telling.
And we both thought
she was going
to go to her
childhood in Lemuria,
but instead she went
to a different lifetime
as an extraterrestrial coming to
Earth for the very first time.
And that is where
the story begins.
>>REGINA: It was interesting,
because the people here were
not as highly
developed at the time
and were living in tribal
primitive kinds of patterns.
And she was a he,
head of the crew.
And the crew
stranded here, right?
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: Lost their mojo.
Lost all desire to really live.
Couldn't see how they
were going to get anything
done in the new environment.
But he continued on and actually
connected with the locals.
And tell the story from there.
>>BRESKMAN: Sure.
So they were stranded.
Their ship crashed into
the side of a mountain.
And it was underneath the
water as well and they swam up.
A few of them died.
And when they escaped,
they were cold and hungry.
And they hadn't had that type
of experience on their planet
before.
But they did know how
to escape their ship,
because they had practiced
that once before.
But they had no knowledge that
this would happen to them.
And now after,
looking back at it,
she realized it was
all planned that way.
So eventually, that they met a
human and they begged for help
basically.
And the human gave
them food and shelter.
And Jen, who was a
commander in that lifetime,
developed a
relationship with her,
because he knew that the
reason he there was basically
to further their experiment,
to connect with the humans,
to start a colonization.
And once he connected
with her, they eventually
developed a relationship.
And they ended up having
one successful child.
>>REGINA: I think
she had five births
and they all died except one.
And he was banished
by this time,
because the cultures were
clearly quite different.
And she went back
with her own people,
but did raise that one child.
And it was challenging for
the child, as I recall,
because they were a
hybrid being, basically.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
That child was considered ugly.
But it was the start of so much.
It was the start of that
hybridization process.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so that was her piece of
this story of the beginning.
And one thing that I note
there that's interesting
is she said that she understood
that the crash itself, all
of this, was intended.
Now the 20th anniversary of
the disclosure event on UFOs
took place relatively recently.
And in that, one
of those subjects
that keeps coming
up in questions
is, why do these crash?
Could it be it's for intention?
And so they're still
debating that in that circle.
And she knows nothing
of this, but that's
what she came up with was
that this was for intention.
>>BRESKMAN: Yeah, and
there were so many
crashes all over the
world, strategically.
>>REGINA: Strategically.
And there were a
lot of hybridization
that started at that time.
>>BRESKMAN: What I
found really fascinating
was what was going on
in Antarctica, because I
had so many other clients
regress to Antarctica where
they started this
colonization and they
started growing things like
humans, and plants, and stuff.
And they had to abandon
their post there,
because disease snuck in.
>>REGINA: This is
going to come up again
in the conversation,
the disease part.
And also, if you
look at the Piri Reis
map, and everybody pretty
much knows that Antarctica
used to be verdant green.
It was hospitable once
upon a time, just not now.
So yes, you're
getting these stories.
And there are other
stories that start
coming in from other people
that don't know anything
that are giving pixels of their
experience in the same place.
And for me, that's
what I like is
to start seeing people having
similar remembrances then
those are the
little vector points
we start paying attention to
and then more start coming in.
So now we can go--
he died.
That child lived on.
So now here she is in Lemuria
and it's a matriarchal society.
So let's continue on with
what happened in that lifetime
to her.
>>BRESKMAN: Sure.
Well, it was a
matriarchal society,
because women held
knowledge within them.
And so they knew what
plants were OK to eat
and what plants would kill you.
And that was very
important knowledge
that was passed through the
subconscious from the mother
to daughter.
So that was one of the
reasons why the women were
in charge in that society.
>>REGINA: And her
mother had died, right?
>>BRESKMAN: Yes, her mother
was killed when the visitors
started showing up.
>>REGINA: And explain the
visitors and how she saw them.
>>BRESKMAN: So she
saw them as people
that look completely
different and super advanced.
They were traveling in
these travel spheres
where they used a
stealth technology.
They were from Atlantis.
And they were using these--
all my clients describe it the
same way-- these travel spheres
that could float.
They had large fans
underneath them
that use this type of
conductivity with magnets.
And it would suck in energy
and then propel the vehicle.
They used propulsion
all the time.
But anyway, they were traveling
in these travel spheres.
And when they came,
they said that they
were part of this
prophecy, this legend
that everybody in Lemuria
had learned about,
the legend of the two sisters.
So that was what they said
when they first arrived.
And they were looking for help,
because they had a virus that
was plaguing their community.
It was killing a lot of people.
So they came to Lemuria
with this problem.
>>REGINA: And were
they basically
conning the locals with this
two sisters story, prophecy?
It was a con.
>>BRESKMAN: It was.
>>REGINA: And there
was something else
that Jen talked about and that
was a certain type of crystal
that was being used in Lemuria
for a myriad of purposes.
Share that.
>>BRESKMAN: So the Lemurians
had these red crystals that
would help them keep immunity.
And they would have issues
like old age and animals,
if they attacked
or pain, whatever.
>>REGINA: Trauma.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
But they didn't
die of illnesses,
because they had a
special immunity that
was given to them with
these red crystals.
But the Atlanteans didn't know
how to use the red crystals.
And a lot of them have
been taken away from them.
And so they knew that
the Lemurians had
some sort of special
power and they really
wanted to find out what it was.
So they had been studying
the Lemurians for a long time
before they made
themselves known.
>>REGINA: So they
made themselves known.
Now, as I understand
it, her mother
had passed because
of these invaders.
She was killed.
So Jen really only had a
very short amount of time
where she was in any position
to have any say in society
before she was taken.
>>BRESKMAN: Yes.
So they said they
wanted the crystals.
They got angry after a while and
they killed the mother and then
Jen refused, of course.
And they acted like they
were just about to give up
and they left.
And that is when the
wave came that destroyed
the whole civilization
of Lemuria.
>>REGINA: And she was
taken out before that.
And this is really important,
because this comes up
in a lot of your clients
and a lot of people at large
have this terror.
They don't even want
to hear about tsunamis.
They're terrified of drowning
on a subconscious level
and don't know why.
And you have a hypothesis
that part of it
is from these ancient
traumas that we've
experienced collectively in
these mass extinction events.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: So she did not live
through that mass extinction.
She did not live
through the tsunami,
because they'd taken her out.
But she was made to
continually watch it.
Let's talk about that.
>>BRESKMAN: They made her
watch it over and over again.
And then it was
part of her torture.
So she was a prisoner in
Atlantis for over 60 years.
And part of her torture was to
watch it over and over again.
>>REGINA: Because she had a
little daughter, as I recall.
>>BRESKMAN: She had
a little daughter
that was killed in the flood
and in the wave, by the wave.
But they would also do
things where they would
bring in slaves from Atlantis.
And they would fill
this area with water
and then they would
raise her up and make
her watch them kill the slaves.
So they did a lot
of torturous things
to her to try to get her
to break, to tell them
how to use the red crystals,
and to tell them how
they could have this immunity.
>>REGINA: There were a
couple of things going on
in addition to that and
we'll get back to that.
There were also--
she noticed that they
were doing experiments
with certain kind
of hybridized creatures.
And many people who have
studied ancient Atlantis
have heard these
tales of the hybrids,
of the creatures that later
maybe became known as gods,
Pan-like creatures and such.
So let's talk about her
observations of Atlantean life,
including of these creatures,
but her general observations
of Atlantean life when
she arrived there.
>>BRESKMAN: Well,
obviously, she was biased
and she didn't like
them very much.
But she found them to
be very cold people that
were very scientific and
into their technology.
And she noticed, as well
as many of my other clients
noticed, the hybridization
that they were doing
and the experiments.
And one of the reasons for the
issues with these animal people
was they developed a
vaccine, because they
needed to eradicate this virus
that was killing off everybody.
But it was different than now.
They didn't use a needle.
They would cut a slit in
the arm and put this vaccine
into the person and
then cover it up
with this putty-like material.
But they gave this
vaccine to everyone
and it was animal-derived.
It had animal DNA.
>>REGINA: Some of it was cat?
>>BRESKMAN: Yes,
it had feline DNA,
all different types of DNA.
But they needed to do
this so they could give it
to so many people.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
they're experimenting
to see which was more
effective, more compatible
with human beings.
Tell us the nature of what
she saw as the virus itself,
how that virus and illness was
affecting the civilization.
>>BRESKMAN: It was killing
off a lot of their population
until they developed
this vaccine.
And they were burning
the bodies everywhere
and that's why
many of my clients
describe this smog when they
would regress to Atlantis.
And she even described
this smog as well.
But that was from the
bodies being burned.
>>REGINA: So you're saying
that some of the mutations
or mutants occurred because
of the vaccine itself,
because it was using animal
DNA and it was causing problems
in future generations
who survived?
>>BRESKMAN: It wasn't the people
that received the vaccine.
And at first, it looked
like this huge success.
It looked like it stopped
this virus and everybody was
so excited.
But it wasn't
until the first set
of babies started being born
with these devastating side
effects.
There were babies being
born with missing limbs
or they had animal parts.
And that didn't seem
to be such a big deal
until the babies grew up
and started causing violence
or they had all different
kinds of issues.
>>REGINA: They weren't
fitting in with society.
>>BRESKMAN: And they
weren't fitting in.
>>REGINA: And now this becomes
a really interesting part
in the story.
So now you're among
hypnotherapist,
because that's what you do.
You go to conferences.
You regress people.
You were also going
through training
at one point for these
higher master levels.
So at one point,
you were regressed
and you went back into
the situation in Atlantis
that was contending with how to
deal fairly with the mutants.
So tell us who you were,
what you experienced,
and what you finally
came to realize.
>>BRESKMAN: I didn't know
that I had a part in the story
at all until I was regressed.
I was helping Julia Cannon,
Dolores Cannon's daughter,
in Miami.
And as part of the
class, somebody
was regressing me
to practice on me.
And I went to a past life at
Atlantis where I was a judge.
And my job was basically to sort
through thousands and thousands
of cases and figure out who
could stay and who could go.
>>REGINA: Among the mutants?
>>BRESKMAN: Among the mutants.
>>REGINA: Because some were more
able to live alongside society,
right?
>>BRESKMAN: The ones that
were violent or were causing
destructive behavior,
I was told that they
would go to this island
where there was a facility
and they would be given
help and things like that.
But what I didn't know
was that that was a lie.
They were really
being all murdered.
>>REGINA: Now you eventually
with two other people who
were in this capacity
went to this island.
So let's talk about
your experience,
because this was all
the big reveal to you,
because you didn't even
know you were going here.
>>BRESKMAN: So I
decided that I really
wanted to see this
island, because we
had sent thousands and thousands
of mutated children and adults
to this island
where we were told
they were given a better life.
And I really wanted to see
where all these people went.
And when I got there,
there were no people.
There was just dust.
Meanwhile, I'm doing
this regression in front
of the whole class in Miami.
And people are coughing
in the audience.
They're coughing
and they're sobbing,
because they were there.
I didn't know this while
I was being regressed.
But I realized that
they were all murdered.
And this regression
wasn't just for me.
It was a group regression,
as we later found out.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So now you you've
come to realize
that you were being
lied to the entire time
and you know what's
happening to the bodies.
And then what happens?
Do you go back?
Did your regression go--
I can't remember if
it went beyond that
where you returned to the
land and told your findings.
>>BRESKMAN: Well,
we all went back
and we wanted to help as
many people as we could
and to stop this.
But I was pretty much so
devastated that my heart gave
out and I had a heart attack.
And that's basically
why I'm here again,
just to shed light
into what happened
and try to help these
people once again.
>>REGINA: And now
what about Jen?
So now let's pick back
up where her story--
it hasn't ended yet.
So let's pick back
up with her story.
>>BRESKMAN: So as she
was a prisoner in there,
they did so many different
experiments on her
and she witnessed
everything going on.
And she was given a
helper and this helper
was somebody that
she knew she could
pass this information onto.
>>REGINA: OK.
And that helper was to retain
those records, so to speak?
And ultimately, she did die.
She died.
They gave her tiny bits of
freedom, but not really.
They always had an eye on
her and controlled her.
>>BRESKMAN: But what she
did see during her few walks
during the day was just
this beautiful city.
Atlantis was amazing.
And they had different moats
that they use for their water
filtration system.
It was really interesting
how they used--
it was almost like a
triple osmosis filter.
And they would
propel the salt out
so they would have
the salt on one side
and then freshwater
on the other side--
>>REGINA: Early
desalination units.
>>BRESKMAN: Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
And different
flying vessels where
they use propulsion,
and magnets,
and different
conductivity agents.
And so she was really
fascinated with it,
almost like a guilty awe
when she would walk around
the city during the day.
>>REGINA: But she
never really got
to have contact with
the ordinary citizens.
>>BRESKMAN: She didn't.
>>REGINA: She just
stayed in with those
who were policing her.
So her feelings, of course,
are very, very negative
about who the Atlanteans
were, because she was
exposed to nothing but cruelty.
So that's where you almost
have to then pick up
with other people
who lived in Atlantis
elsewhere or at other times
to start piecing together
the rest.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so you
have other clients.
Now there's one man
I want to get back
to who quickly regressed
into that scene
where he's in Atlantis.
And he's saying, I don't get it.
I thought it was--
where all the blue skies?
And it was smoky.
The air was smoky
and smelt fetid.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
So he regressed
to this time where
he knew it was very advanced,
but it looked ancient
at the same time.
And we did not know he
was in Atlantis at all.
But he was in quarantine,
because there was a virus that
was plaguing the city.
And he was more afraid of
the dictator, the leader,
than of this virus.
And it was very
fascinating, because I've
had other clients
regress to that time
and explain the virus.
>>REGINA: And they
remembered the smell
in the air from the bodies
being burned and such.
So now you and
Jen decided you're
going to continue on this.
So that's the first
book you wrote.
And now you're continuing
to do regressions
into the times of Atlantis.
Are you going into Lemuria
too or mostly Atlantis now?
>>BRESKMAN: Mostly Atlantis.
>>REGINA: And let's talk
about some of the interest--
this book is in the making--
but let's talk about some of the
new information coming forward.
>>BRESKMAN: We've really been
learning about other planets
and about how other planets go
through their Ice Age, which
led to us looking more into
the Ice Age on this planet.
And what we learned was there's
so many underground tunnels
where it housed a lot
of people, hybrids,
during the time of the Ice Age.
It's really fascinating
just what people
had to do back in those days.
And we've also been learning
more about Mount Shasta,
and the people in Mount
Shasta, and Telos, and Thoth.
Thoth, he has really been
coming up a lot more recently.
>>REGINA: Go into
some detail about each
of these, since it's going to be
a while before the book's out.
>>BRESKMAN: I know.
>>REGINA: So first of
all, the notion of--
yeah, because
you're getting this
from different clients
that don't know each other.
So let's start with ice
ages and the tunnel system.
I assume it's constructed
so people can connect
with one another and
whatever supplies
are for survival are needed.
So it has to be a certain--
the species has to have
certain features to be
able to survive underground.
>>BRESKMAN: They definitely did.
It was mostly for
the hybrid beings,
because they didn't want them
to perish during this time.
The Ice Age was needed,
because the Earth really
need a cooling off,
because it was just
a time where they
really-- the Earth itself
really needed to cool down
and to start over, to rebuild.
And it took thousands of years.
>>REGINA: Yeah, this
happens periodically.
>>BRESKMAN: It does.
And even on other planets.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN: And what's
really fascinating
is when other clients go
to these other planets,
they can find the
same technology
in the same cities as Atlantis.
So you can tell
that Atlantis was
built as a replica almost
of these other civilizations
on other planets, which
is really fascinating.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And in the work of
some people, it's
been said that there are as many
as 400,000 human civilizations
throughout the cosmos.
>>BRESKMAN: Oh, I
wouldn't doubt it.
>>REGINA: And that
this human form
is the most preferred form
because of its functionality.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: In just furthering
that, each of these species
then has to essentially adapt
to the environment they're in,
adapt to whatever the
chemical structure
and atmospheric structure of
whatever planet they're on.
But essentially, whether it's
tall, whether it's short,
whether it's pale,
whether it's dark,
it's still the humanoid
form, supposedly,
throughout the cosmos.
>>BRESKMAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And one thing I
remember that my own soul
tribe told me one
time is they said,
when you're looking
at all these anomalies
and wondering how
all this happened,
instead of being so
confused over it,
if you can understand one
thing, it would be very helpful.
And that is that
there has always
been air travel since the
beginning of your time,
because other beings
from other places that
have these technologies
have always been there.
So it's always been easy to
move groups of people around,
to be able to move artifacts
and materials and such around,
that it's always been possible,
because there's always
been these technologies.
>>BRESKMAN: Yes.
And I've been told that
it's really important for us
as humans to finally understand
who we are and why we're here.
And who we really are is
we're all ancient groupings
of beings that have traveled
from planet to planet
to find out what the next
and the next will be.
And to really go inwards and
realize that we're not alone,
that we're these
powerful beings,
and we're here for
the experience.
And every experience that
we have benefits everyone.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So just give us
a little bit more
of what you and
Jen are uncovering
as a tease for the next
time we get together.
>>BRESKMAN: Oh my gosh, so much.
We're also finding out more
about the New Earth and just
the ascension process.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about the New Earth a bit.
>>BRESKMAN: OK, this
is really fascinating.
I've had so many clients that
are women that have already--
they're post-menopausal.
And they come into
have sessions with me,
because they feel
pregnant and they don't
understand what's going on.
And in their sessions,
they find out
that they are indeed pregnant,
pregnant with hybrid beings
that are seeding this New Earth.
Because, as beings, we've all
been going from one planet
to the next.
We need a backup planet.
We always do.
So there's another back
planet in the making.
And that is what people
call the New Earth.
>>REGINA: I will say this.
I just did a private grouping,
a discussion, on this recently.
That's the same thing
that my beings told us
about 40 years ago.
>>BRESKMAN: Oh, wow.
>>REGINA: They did.
They said there is a second
Earth that has already
been prepared for these times.
And so not to look at
it with any form of kind
of hierarchy or judgment.
It's that there would come a
time where the consciousness
would split to the
extent where we
would need two
environments to continue
developing in our own way.
So you're now seeing this too.
>>BRESKMAN: Right.
And not just with Jen,
with so many other clients.
>>REGINA: Please,
talk about this
and what they've had to
say through their lenses.
>>BRESKMAN: So what I've
have found from sessions
is that there's two different
situations going on.
There's some people that will
literally move from this Earth
to that New Earth.
And then there's some people
that will literally create
a New Earth on this planet.
So it's really what your soul
chose before you incarnated.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
One time I looked into that,
I just did a deep meditation.
I said, show me if
there's something to see.
What is the New Earth like?
And it was interesting
in that while it was
newer in that it did not have--
certainly didn't have any
kind of modern structures
or anything.
And it did not have
any modern technology.
It had the same kind
of human technology
that we all carry
with us and it had
people who understood how to
create homes and communities
and so forth.
But there was no
modern technology.
And I found that interesting,
because it was down to just
working on ourselves and our
connection with one another.
>>BRESKMAN: That's
funny, because no one
has mentioned the
technology on the New Earth.
>>REGINA: I didn't see any.
>>BRESKMAN: That's
really fascinating.
>>REGINA: And I know Hank
Wesselman-- bless his soul--
he has passed on recently.
Hank Wesselman went
into the future
and it was the same thing.
He did not see-- there
was no technology.
Now his was the future glimpse
of, he thought, this Earth.
But it's very interesting when
you go into these other realms,
it is hard-- and this isn't
making an excuse for what he
saw, I saw, or anyone else saw--
sometimes, when you
detach from this realm
and go into that other
part of your mind
that is more a part of
all, it is very hard
to determine where
exactly you are.
That's why in regressions,
it's so hard to say, gee, where
am I living or what is my name?
That part's hard
to come up with.
I find it myself having been in
regressions that part's hard.
But you can kind of explain
what you're engaging with,
what it looks like, how
people are behaving,
and what they're saying.
Talk about that a little bit.
>>BRESKMAN: Names are hard
to get, because you really
aren't using that part of your
mind when you're in regression.
So even Dolores Cannon said
that names were hard to get.
I can get the names sometimes
through the subconscious.
And sometimes, a name
will come to the client
after they wake
up in the morning.
But it's a known fact that it's
hard to get during regression.
>>REGINA: It is.
And I used to feel terrible
about it, thinking, god, why am
I hiding the name from myself?
I could not get names.
And when it came to the end
times of one phase of Atlantis,
as you know, Dolores
Cannon did regress
me and I'm in her book,
"Convoluted Universe Two".
Forgotten the page, but
it's the television lady
that she speaks of.
And it goes on quite a bit in
detail about the loss of life
at that time and
the loss of our will
to continue to live and
repopulate the planet
if we had the memory of
what had just happened.
So speak to that a
little bit, because I
think you and Jen are bumping
into these other destruction
periods too.
>>BRESKMAN: She went
to that time period
and tried to find out
more information about it.
And it looked like
it was so devastating
for the people involved, because
it really set humanity back
quite a long way.
>>REGINA: It did.
In fact, I think
it's in the book.
Dolores captured it.
And that's what I was saying.
By this time, I was
crying and I said,
we've somehow ruined our
relationship to the sun.
The matrix of the
delicate energy
built between the Earth and
the sun has been ruined.
And we're going to sleep
for a very long time.
And she said, to sleep?
I said, yeah, all of us.
And when she asked why, I said,
because if we do remember what
we've just lost, which
we lost everything,
we blasted ourselves back to
the Stone Ages, so to speak--
that's a whole other story--
but we would not have any
incentive to reincarnate.
It's going to take
too long to rebuild,
to remember, reconnect again.
It was just going
to take too long.
It would be very
discouraging on a soul.
So our memories were wiped.
>>BRESKMAN: What's really
fascinating about this time
that we're living
in is the knowledge
and information has
come up to the surface.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN: And you can even
tell through regression,
because even back when
Dolores was doing this work,
most of her clients would
be completely unconscious.
And nowadays, because the
brain has evolved so much,
the information and
all this knowledge
is right at the surface.
We can go further into it.
And what people
don't seem to realize
is that they feel less
unconscious these days
during these sessions,
because their brain
has evolved so that
they are almost
becoming their higher selves.
It's super exciting.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that is.
>>BRESKMAN: The
knowledge is here now.
It's acceptable and we can
find out so much these days.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
You're in a unique position.
You have a lot of clients.
So you're getting these
reflections from all around.
So what would you say--
we just have a minute
or two left-- what would
you say are the kind of
top two or three patterns
of information that is
validating one another coming
in right now?
>>BRESKMAN: Well, I would
say that we are not alone
in our memories of recounting
our times in Atlantis
and Lemuria.
We're all back here again
thousands and thousands
of years later, because
the time is right for us
to release this stored trauma
within our minds and our soul.
And it's easy to do that now.
It's acceptable.
We can connect
with other people.
And we can really heal
as a collective now.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Anything else besides our
Lemurian and Atlantean roots
together coming up?
Well, like you said, ice ages.
The fact that people have
been on other planets, that's
also coming up.
Any other thing or shall we
leave it at that for now?
>>BRESKMAN: Oh my gosh,
everything is so fascinating.
I just want to know everything.
But there's just
too much to say.
>>REGINA: I know there is.
I know there is.
And we decided we were going
to confine this conversation
to this story.
But your new book will be
out before too terribly long
and I'll have you
back on the show.
>>BRESKMAN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank
you so much, Sarah.
And thank you for doing
a lovely work you do.
And thank Jen for
us as well for being
willing to go deep into
some really, really
uncomfortable stuff.
It was pure torture
for her, a lot of it.
So I appreciate that.
>>BRESKMAN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Again, Sarah's book
is titled "A Hypnotist's Journey
to Atlantis", a chronicling of
Jen's regression and others.
You can also reach out to Sarah
at theholistichypnotist.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds".